Reflections

1.1 - 10/11/2020

In today's session I learnt that web development industry is a rewarding, lucrative and creative industry to get into.

I learnt how the internet and browsing on the web works, and the definitions of many different terms. We downloaded and installed GitHub and Visual Studio Code, and learnt about what these software can be used for. 

I found it particularly interesting to learn the details of how servers work and what purpose they have. 

I also introduced myself to a class of strangers. 

1.2 - 11/11/2020

We learnt more details about about web works. The differences between web design and web development, the ways designers work and what tools they use and the importance of making sure our websites work well and look good on different devices. We learnt about different programming languages, and what is and isn't a language. We also looked at web standards, why they're important and what organisations make the standardisations. 

1.3 - 12/11/2020

We learnt about GitHub and a few other repository services. How to create folders and files in GitHub. About code editors, what they do and why they're useful. 

1.4 - 13/11/2020

We used Visual Studio Code more to create some simple files and folders. Luke discussed places online that we could learn coding for free in order to suplament our learning, as well as achieve some basic qualifications if we wanted to. We started the "Reflections" task. 

2.1 - 23/11/2020 

Today we started learning about HTML, and the differences between HTML and CSS. We looked at the anatomy of a HTML element, attributes and values, tags, doctype and learnt some basic extentions. We then made a simple piece of code in visual studio and practiced using the things we'd learnt. 

2.2 - 24/11/2020

Today we learnt about links and the attribute types involved in creating links such as href and title, and the difference between absolute and relative paths when linking things. We then practiced creating links that opened in the same tab and a new tab, and linking to an email. We added images to a document and used html to create line breaks. We also made both types of lists, ordered and unordered. The usefullness of adding comment and how to do it, and how to make tables. 

